Lesson 7 - When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use it when you want to share it immediately and want to save yourself the hassle of uploading and committing it manually.

Lesson 10 - Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You would want to pull manually so it doesn't pull in the middle of editing something.

Lesson 14 - Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are copies of commits that you copy from someone else, clones are copies of files, and branches are splits in commits.
You would use forks when you want files from someone's github and have to give permission.
You would use clones when you need a copy of one of your files because you are going to edit something but still need the original to work.
You would use branches when you need to commit a clone but can't commit on the master branch.

Lesson 22 - What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit is you can change the remote without having something breaks, and then replace the old copy wiht a new one.

Lesson 25 - How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You would collaborate by emailing it to each other. 
You would be able to send your changes to the other person and they would know when and what you changed through the email.
You wouldn't be able to make your own branch as easily and it would be harder to change files and get the updated ones.

Lesson 31 - When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would want to make changes in a sperate branch when someone uses the master branch and you can't change it.
The benefit of a sperate branch is someone else can work or someone can use the code. 
The benefit of the master branch is you can merge it easier with someone elses work.
